new version (#32)
fivetran/dbt_klaviyo: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_klaviyo v0.7.1

> [PR #32](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_klaviyo/pull/32) updates the package to reference the correct upstream package dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PR #32](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_klaviyo/pull/32) includes the following updates:

 ## Dependency Updates
 - Corrected the package to reference the proper upstream dbt_klaviyo_source package dependency.
```
